iSafeShare  - Sharing Made Simple ...
(Use same font as visual studio)

Make viral ?

People would what to use hashtag, how would that translate to safe share

Can you post an (cnn?) article in Text? 
Task assignment box, can create task and (self) assign people 

Can create easy polls. 
- can highest voted destination be set automatically?

Create fun short cuts for users .. Example Type something..username plus $ in url redirects you to your admin page. Easy with Mvc if $ is an acceptable parameter

How Dee!
Your ALL IN ONE to-do list, reminder, event organization, discussion board, poll, vacation/trip planner, private discussion, calendar, share photos/videos etc. 

Set auto- destruct 




Transparency :
    Show bug fixes?

Use code first migration?


Ads can't be annoying
You don't have to be friends to share, just use email. 

Rules: 
Minimize learning curve, not the same as refusing to learn down thing new - nerds please chill out. 

Has to be simple and flexible 

Work with existing concept, not reinventing the wheel or new concepts. 

To do:
Understand hosting options ..data, images and videos. 

Understand ad based revenue. What is      available? How it has evolved?

Is there a tool for polling


Business plan
What
Why
How

No mailing list please!!!


Name: "Pork Fish", "pork chop" Pong-Key, Japanese cartoon names?...must be 2 syllables and easy to pronounce English/French/ Spanish 

Best way to advertise is when it shows on facebook. Remember 4 square and check ins.. But you don't want to share your events on facebook. Just say that you use the tool. 

Amar used "" to create a private event. See how you can share privately too. 

More effective than reply-all, more private than leading social media 
Should be a calendar..but you can invite others to follow and collaborate on your events 

Brand: Pigly, oinky
Things to learn: JSON/angular js

Provide draft vs final version of a post (??) no, because you can edit. 

If something is a task, can it be assigned to someone? Can add people to list of assignees under task. No, just invite people to event. 

Should be able to mention people, events to certain extent ...

Should be able to private message someone or a group

Display topic-based ad within discussion pages 

Should act as a checklist. 
Objective: to build a social media app that will allow users to securely and safely share  with specific individual or groups of invidual. Make users highly effective at sharing and planning. 

Source Code searching and sharing (when set to public)

FaceTime conference ? Video capable/live feed. Later, subsequent releases. 

Organisé un happy hour. Cibler ceux qui ont tendance à utiliser la technologie. Utiliser l'app pour les inviter. En même temps démontrer l'utilité de l'app. 

List of tasks should prioritizing capabilities etc.  easy up/down arrow and sortable by priority
SAVE DRAFT should be easy - no draft. 

USE SMILEY OR FROWNEY FACE FOR LIKES AND DISLIKES. 

MAKE THEME EASY TO CHANGE IN CASE SELLING.. 

Pay per impression
Pay per click
Pay per sales

Http://www.thefreecountry.com/webmaster/affiliate.html

Automated Context-Sensitive Advertising


Get acquainted to azure. 

SEND LOCATION TO SET GROUP OF PEOPLE. thundercats!

Do users like anonymity ? Does this work?

Send email reminders...like outlook calendar but keep email notifications to a minimum. 

Two factor authentication that goes to cell. 


Short term goal:
Minimum expenses: example hosting, development, hardware, software

Long term goal

CROWDFUNDING  COMPUTER AND TOOLS. GIVE FREE AND SECURE SOCIAL MEDIA IN RETURN. THIS WAY IT SERVES AS MARKETING STRAT. TOO

Terms and agreement that is signed by site to promise user to protect their privacy. 

Make "viral" type YouTube video to promote crowdfunding - never mention competitors - put some personality in that shit!!!

When you delete, it should really delete. Advertise that. 


Ad on logging out
